[terra-date-picker] Calendar-filter face-up version of date-picker. (#1134)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-date-picker/src/terra-dev-site/doc/date-picker/CalendarFilter.3.doc.mdx

import { Badge } from 'terra-date-picker/package.json?dev-site-package';

import CalendarFilterPropsTable from 'terra-date-picker/src/CalendarFilter?dev-site-props-table';

import CalendarFilterDefault from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterDefault?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterExcludeDates from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterExcludeDates?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterIncludeDates from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterIncludeDates?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterFilterDates from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterFilterDates?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterMinMax from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterMinMax?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterDefaultDate from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterDefaultDate?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterControlled from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterControlled?dev-site-example';

<Badge />

# Calendar Filter

CalendarFilter is a sub-component of [terra-date-picker](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/tree/master/packages/terra-date-picker) component which renders a faceup calendar for selecting a date.

> Unlike the DatePicker which is used to pick a day to return to submit to a form, the CalendarFilter would be useful in applications where the calendar is intended to be used as an interactive filter that changes some alternate dependent UI item. An example of this is a scheduling application where a selecting a day in the CalendarFilter can lead to displaying a list of appointments.

Reviewer: Nice description 👍

import { Badge } from 'terra-date-picker/package.json?dev-site-package';

import CalendarFilterPropsTable from 'terra-date-picker/src/CalendarFilter?dev-site-props-table';

import CalendarFilterDefault from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterDefault?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterExcludeDates from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterExcludeDates?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterIncludeDates from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterIncludeDates?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterFilterDates from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterFilterDates?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterMinMax from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterMinMax?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterDefaultDate from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterDefaultDate?dev-site-example';
import CalendarFilterControlled from '../example/CalendarFilter/CalendarFilterControlled?dev-site-example';

<Badge />

# Calendar Filter

> CalendarFilter is an sub-component of [terra-date-picker](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/tree/master/packages/terra-date-picker) component which renders faceup calendar for users to select a date from the calendar filter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CalendarFilter is a sub-component of [terra-date-picker](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/tree/master/packages/terra-date-picker) component which renders a faceup calendar for selecting a date.
```

Author: [updated..!](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1134/commits/fc3dc12a0ef35935fc6e47719fa2a110acd313e1#diff-f5fd65fbc8ca01b80b62c35047bbc5a9)

> CalendarFilter will be useful in scenarios like when we need a simple calendar to be displayed instead of dropdown version of calendar, when date selection should happen within specfic range of date ( ex: user can make date selection in current month ) and etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike the DatePicker which is used to pick a day to return to submit to a form, the CalendarFilter would be useful in applications where the calendar is intended to be used as an interactive filter that changes some alternate dependent UI item. An example of this is a scheduling application where a selecting a day in the CalendarFilter can lead to displaying a list of appointments.
```

Author: [updated..!](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1134/commits/fc3dc12a0ef35935fc6e47719fa2a110acd313e1#diff-f5fd65fbc8ca01b80b62c35047bbc5a9)

## Getting Started

- Install with [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com):
  - `npm install terra-date-picker`

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START Peer Dependencies -->
## Peer Dependencies

This component requires the following peer dependencies be installed in your app for the component to properly function.

| Peer Dependency | Version |
|-|-|
| react | ^16.8.5 |
| react-dom | ^16.8.5 |
| react-intl | ^2.8.0 |

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## Implementation Notes:

> CalendarFilter is required to be composed inside the [Base](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-core/components/terra-base/base/base) component with locale in order for it to load the correct date format and translation strings.

Reviewer 2: We should just get rid of this note (also [here](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/blame/Inline-Date-Picker/packages/terra-date-picker/src/terra-dev-site/doc/date-picker/DatePicker.1.doc.mdx#L75) and [here](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/blame/Inline-Date-Picker/packages/terra-date-picker/src/terra-dev-site/doc/date-picker/DatePickerField.2.doc.mdx#L19)) since terra-base will be deprecated soon

Author: Sure, removed from Docs : [35047bbc5a9](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1134/commits/e50ba975191da70534cc031477e27ce3569f9145#diff-f5fd65fbc8ca01b80b62c35047bbc5a9)

## Usage
```js
import CalendarFilter from 'terra-date-picker/lib/CalendarFilter';
```

## Component Features

> * [Cross-Browser Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#cross-browser-support)

Reviewer 3: Links look broken looks like its changed to [this](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/about/terra-ui/component-standards#cross-browser-support).

Author: [updated links](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1134/commits/bf2bbe172908bf4c5463a39c4226459d62e3e38e#diff-f5fd65fbc8ca01b80b62c35047bbc5a9)
